{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 								React Native Mock Test - 1\
\
Total  Marks   : 100\
Toal Duration : 4 hour  \
\
1. Whats is React native?    
\f1\b0 \
\

\f2\i \ul React native is a framework that allows us to develop Multiplatform mobile application with a single codebase written in JavaScript.
\f1\i0 \ulnone \
\

\f0\b 2. Whats is the difference between react native and native mobile app development?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul Native app development offers more security by default and is written in swift and Java/Kotlin for iOS and Android. The difference in languages\
In native development requieres higher investment, work, and maintenance because it creates two codebases.\
\
React is written in JavaScript and translates this code into native code.
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
\
3. What are the advantages and disadvantages of using React native based on your experience?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul The biggest advantage is only having to write a single codebase. It slashes work time significantly. Testing is also easier with react\
 as the app refresh after saving is faster than building and running the app.
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
4.What is expo?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul Expo is a tool that allows us to initialize, run, and test React projects. 
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
5.List down the expo react native project folder structure\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul App.js  -The \'91main\'92 function. Code initializes here\
Node_modules - Were node and external libraries install their files\
Assets-  Location for local media storage\
Package.json - where the metadata and package dependency is stored\
Expo-expo installation\

\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
6. What is the use of App.json ad package.json?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul App.json is the default \'91main\'92 function of the app, where the code starts. In there we add our logic and components. \
All code can be referenced from external files to keep this one\'92 clean\'92. Package.json
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
7. What is the use of useState in React native?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul Default method that allows us to use hooks
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
8. Tell me the steps of installing React native dev environment using Expo CLI?\
\
\
\
9. Create a project in which, splash screen, app icon, app version 1.0, app name = moveList, display a list of movies and then tap of each movie name, move to details screen where movie name, movie icon(any icon), also use react stack navigator.\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul Install node.js from the website and run npm install -g expo CLI from the terminal\

\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
10. What are the different ways to implement navigation in React native?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul Stack, Tab , Drawer\

\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
11. How to create a new project in react native?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul In the terminal:
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b0 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Cd \'91location of desired folder\'92\
Expo init project_name\
Cd project_name\'92\
Npm project_name start\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b \cf0 \ulnone \
\
12. What is the use of NPM?\

\f2\i\b0 \ul \
It is the default command for React. Makes the command operate with the framework.
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
13. What is the use of PROPS and STATEv, with example.\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul Property is a characteristic of an object like a button\'92s color.\
\
States are the condition the objects properties are in like button.getColor() returning \'91red\'92. The state in this case is red\

\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
14. What is version control system and how it helps in software development life cycle?\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul It is a program that allows us to backup our code online, share it with others and independently work on the same codebase without interfering with each others work unintentionally.\
Using this allows us to delegate tasks among team members.
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
15. If a library in react native working for android platform but not working in iOS and other library not available to achieve the task, what is the solution for this?\
\
\

\f2\i\b0 \ul We can check for the platform programmatically and write a check within an if\{\}else\{\} statement.
\f0\i0\b \ulnone \
\
\ul 16. Write javascript program to implement bubble sorting algorithm .\ulnone \
\ul 17. Write a javascript program to check a string a palindrome or not?\
18. write a react native application to show case tab based navigation and add three tab : HOME , Profile, Setting\ulnone \
19.\ul  Write a program to display a list of array and count all duplicate characters .\
20. write a program to  concate two string in javascript.}